README.md, before:

[QText](https://medo64.com/qtext/)
==================================

Simple note taking program.


## Shortcuts

| Key               | Description                                             |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `F2`              | Rename file                                             |
| `F3`              | Find next text match                                    |
| `Shift+F3`        | Find previous text match                                |
| `F5`              | Insert time and date                                    |
| `Ctrl+C`          | Copy text                                               |
| `Ctrl+F`          | Find text                                               |
| `Ctrl+G`          | Find folder or file by name                             |
| `Ctrl+N`          | New file                                                |
| `Ctrl+O`          | Select folder                                           |
| `Ctrl+P`          | Print                                                   |
| `Ctrl+Shift+P`    | Print preview                                           |
| `Ctrl+Alt+R`      | Show containing directory                               |
| `Ctrl+S`          | Save file immediatelly                                  |
| `Ctrl+V`          | Paste text                                              |
| `Ctrl+X`          | Cut text                                                |
| `Ctrl+Y`          | Redo action                                             |
| `Ctrl+Z`          | Undo action                                             |
| `Alt+1`           | Select first tab                                        |
| `Alt+2`           | Select second tab                                       |
| `Alt+3`           | Select third tab                                        |
| `Alt+4`           | Select fourth tab                                       |
| `Alt+5`           | Select fifth tab                                        |
| `Alt+6`           | Select sixth tab                                        |
| `Alt+7`           | Select seventh tab                                      |
| `Alt+8`           | Select eight tab                                        |
| `Alt+9`           | Select nineth tab                                       |
| `Alt+0`           | Select tenth tab                                        |
| `Alt+Left`        | Select file to the left                                 |
| `Alt+Shift+Left`  | Select file to the left                                 |
| `Alt+Right`       | Select file to the right                                |
| `Alt+Shift+Right` | Select file to the right                                |
| `Alt+Up`          | Select previous folder                                  |
| `Alt+Down`        | Select next folder                                      |
| `Alt+Home`        | Select base folder                                      |
| `Alt+End`         | Show folder selection menu                              |
| `Alt+PageUp`      | Select previous folder                                  |
| `Alt+PageDown`    | Select next folder                                      |

Commit message:

Added Alt+F8 to show file/directory in VSCode

README.md, after:

[QText](https://medo64.com/qtext/)
==================================

Simple note taking program.


## Shortcuts

| Key               | Description                                             |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `F2`              | Rename file                                             |
| `F3`              | Find next text match                                    |
| `Shift+F3`        | Find previous text match                                |
| `F5`              | Insert time and date                                    |
| `Alt+F8`          | Show file and/or directory in Visual Studio Code        |
| `Ctrl+C`          | Copy text                                               |
| `Ctrl+F`          | Find text                                               |
| `Ctrl+G`          | Find folder or file by name                             |
| `Ctrl+N`          | New file                                                |
| `Ctrl+O`          | Select folder                                           |
| `Ctrl+P`          | Print                                                   |
| `Ctrl+Shift+P`    | Print preview                                           |
| `Ctrl+Alt+R`      | Show containing directory                               |
| `Ctrl+S`          | Save file immediatelly                                  |
| `Ctrl+V`          | Paste text                                              |
| `Ctrl+X`          | Cut text                                                |
| `Ctrl+Y`          | Redo action                                             |
| `Ctrl+Z`          | Undo action                                             |
| `Alt+1`           | Select first tab                                        |
| `Alt+2`           | Select second tab                                       |
| `Alt+3`           | Select third tab                                        |
| `Alt+4`           | Select fourth tab                                       |
| `Alt+5`           | Select fifth tab                                        |
| `Alt+6`           | Select sixth tab                                        |
| `Alt+7`           | Select seventh tab                                      |
| `Alt+8`           | Select eight tab                                        |
| `Alt+9`           | Select nineth tab                                       |
| `Alt+0`           | Select tenth tab                                        |
| `Alt+Left`        | Select file to the left                                 |
| `Alt+Shift+Left`  | Select file to the left                                 |
| `Alt+Right`       | Select file to the right                                |
| `Alt+Shift+Right` | Select file to the right                                |
| `Alt+Up`          | Select previous folder                                  |
| `Alt+Down`        | Select next folder                                      |
| `Alt+Home`        | Select base folder                                      |
| `Alt+End`         | Show folder selection menu                              |
| `Alt+PageUp`      | Select previous folder                                  |
| `Alt+PageDown`    | Select next folder                                      |
