.\" Manpage for QText
.\" Contact jmedved@jmedved.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH QTEXT 1 "CURR_DATE" "MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH" "QText Manual"


.SH NAME

QText \- Note taking utility


.SH SYNOPSIS

.ad l
\fBqtext\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
Note taking application with auto-save.


.SH SHORTCUTS

.TP
\fBF1\fP
Show application menu

.TP
\fBShift+F1\fP
Show settings

.TP
\fBF2\fP
Rename file

.TP
\fBF3\fP
Find next text match

.TP
\fBShift+F3\fP
Find previous text match

.TP
\fBF4\fP
Show folder menu

.TP
\fBShift+F4\fP
Show folder edit dialog

.TP
\fBF5\fP
Insert time and date

.TP
\fBAlt+F8\fP
Show file and/or directory in Visual Studio Code (if installed)

.TP 12
\fBCtrl+C\fP
Copy text

.TP 12
\fBCtrl+F\fP
Find text

.TP
\fBCtrl+G\fP
Find folder or file by name

.TP
\fBCtrl+N\fP
New file

.TP
\fBCtrl+O\fP
Show folder menu

.TP
\fBCtrl+Shift+O\fP
Show folder edit dialog

.TP
\fBCtrl+P\fP
Print

.TP
\fBCtrl+Shift+P\fP
Print preview

.TP
\fBCtrl+Alt+R\fP
Show containing directory

.TP
\fBCtrl+S\fP
Save file immediatelly

.TP
\fBCtrl+V\fP
Paste text

.TP
\fBCtrl+X\fP
Cut text

.TP
\fBCtrl+Y\fP
Redo action

.TP
\fBCtrl+Z\fP
Undo action

.TP
\fBAlt+1\fP
Select first tab

.TP
\fBAlt+2\fP
Select second tab

.TP
\fBAlt+3\fP
Select third tab

.TP
\fBAlt+4\fP
Select fourth tab

.TP
\fBAlt+5\fP
Select fifth tab

.TP
\fBAlt+6\fP
Select sixth tab

.TP
\fBAlt+7\fP
Select seventh tab

.TP
\fBAlt+8\fP
Select eight tab

.TP
\fBAlt+9\fP
Select nineth tab

.TP
\fBAlt+0\fP
Select tenth tab

.TP
\fBAlt+Left\fP
Select file to the left

.TP
\fBAlt+Shift+Left\fP
Move file to the left

.TP
\fBAlt+Right\fP
Select file to the right

.TP
\fBAlt+Shift+Right\fP
Move file to the right

.TP
\fBAlt+Up\fP
Select previous folder

.TP
\fBAlt+Down\fP
Select next folder

.TP
\fBAlt+Home\fP
Select base folder

.TP
\fBAlt+End\fP
Show folder selection menu

.TP
\fBAlt+PageUp\fP
Select previous folder

.TP
\fBAlt+PageDown\fP
Select next folder


.SH FOLDER DIALOG SHORTCUTS

.TP
\fBAlt+F8\fP
Show all directories in Visual Studio Code (if installed).


.SH SETTINGS DIALOG SHORTCUTS

.TP
\fBF8\fP
Show config file in file manager.

.TP
\fBShift+F8\fP
Show config file in Visual Studio Code (if installed).


.SH SETTINGS

Settings for QText are stored in \fB~/.config/qtext.conf\fP when application
is installed and next to executable in \fB.qtext\fP if run directly. It is
recommended to change settings from application menu but they can also be
changed directly.

.TP
\fBAlwaysOnTop\fP
Controls if application will be shown on top of the other applications. Valid
values are \fBtrue\fP and \fBfalse\fP.
    AlwaysOnTop: false

.TP
\fBClearUndoInterval\fP
Determines interval in seconds after whick Undo/Redo stack will be cleaned.
Valid values are whole numbers between \fB60\fP and \fB86400\fP.
    ClearUndoInterval: 900

.TP
\fBColorTrayIcon\fP
If \fBtrue\fP, a color icon will be used for tray. If \fBfalse\fP, a white icon
will be used instead. Default is to show color icon on all platforms except
Windows 10 where default is to show a white icon.
    ColorTrayIcon: true

.TP
\fBDataPath\fP
Location where files are stored. It can be repeated multiple times and all
directories will be loaded. However, only the first directory listed will have
all operations available. Using more than one directory is not fully supported.
    DataPath: ~/.local/share/qtext/

.TP
\fBDefaultFileType\fP
Which file type is preselected when creating new file. Valid values are
\fBPlain\fP, \fBMarkdown\fP, and \fBHtml\fP.
    DefaultFileType: Plain

.TP
\fBHotkey\fP
Determines hotkey used to show application.
    Hotkey: Ctrl+Shift+Q

.TP
\fBMinimizeToTray\fP
If true, minimizing application will actually move it to tray area instead.
Valid values are \fBtrue\fP and \fBfalse\fP.
    MinimizeToTray: true

.TP
\fBQuickSaveInterval\fP
Interval in milliseconds after which file will be saved if there is no writing
activity detected. Valid values are between \fB1000\fP and \fB60000\fP.
    QuickSaveInterval: 2500

.TP
\fBScaleFactor\fP
Extra scaling to be used for application's UI. If 0, no additional scaling is
applied. Valid values are between \fB0.25\fP and \fB4.00\fP.
    ScaleFactor: 0.00

.TP
\fBShowInTaskbar\fP
If true, application will be shown in taskbar. Valid values are \fBtrue\fP and
\fBfalse\fP.
    ShowInTaskbar: true

.TP
\fBTabTextColorPerType\fP
Controls if tab text is different color based on file type. If \fBtrue\fP,
markdown files are green and html files are blue. Valid values are \fBfalse\fP
and \fBtrue\fP.
    TabTextColorPerType: false

.TP
\fBTabWidth\fP
Amount of spaces used for indenting. Valid values are between \fB2\fP and
\fB16\fP.
    TabWidth: 4

.TP
\fBWordWrap\fP
If true, text will be wrapped instead of showing scrollbar. Valid values are
\fBtrue\fP and \fBfalse\fP.
    WordWrap: true


.SH AUTHOR

Josip Medved <jmedved@jmedved.com>
